Update documentation to correctly reflect ofrak-patch-maker 2.0.0 API. (#166)
redballoonsecurity/ofrak: docs/user-guide/patch-maker/user-guide.md

Check out the [ToolchainConfig][ofrak_patch_maker.toolchain.model.ToolchainConfig] for the full suite
of tunables (they are likely to get updated frequently while OFRAK is developed).

Together, [ArchInfo][ofrak_type.architecture.ArchInfo] and [ToolchainConfig][ofrak_patch_maker.toolchain.model.ToolchainConfig] can be used to instantiate a [Toolchain][ofrak_patch_maker.abstract.Toolchain].

#### PatchMaker Instantiation

> Once the toolchain is instantiated, instantiate PatchMaker with the symbol mapping required for linking the patch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the toolchain is instantiated, instantiate PatchMaker with any symbol mapping that may be required to link the patch.
```
